Stop! You are the photo of you stealing the building.
Madam, please keep your card. We just lost a blue diamond necklace from Holiday Three in your store.
chain. You are responsible.
Sorry, sir, your personal financial electricity usage has nothing to do with it.
If you say it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Do you know what he is?
But I, who is a famous test taker, with your attitude,
You are in the store. No,
Let me report it to you. No need to bother.
We just finished with him alone.
Just talk about the body, right?
Why do we need to be searched behind us? Why do you think so?
Otherwise who is the child. Are you really looking for truth or are you just doing it for money?
I haven't seen any good little brother at all.
Why do you have wireless?
You said we have wireless, okay?
Just let us search your bag
I can prove my innocence
No such right
The general fell out of his bag
What the hell are you still a little brother?
You can search for Xinxinpai